Robotic Last Mile Delivery 
August 2024 
Exhibit 99.2 Disclaimer 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Serve Robotics Inc. (the “Company”) investor presentation contains “forward-looking statements,” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private 
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the context of the statement and generally arise when we or our management are discussing our beliefs, estimates or expectations. Such 
statements generally include the words “believes,” “plans,” “intends,” “targets,” “may,” “could,” “should,” “will,” “expects,” “estimates,” “suggests,” “anticipates,” “outlook,” “continues,” or similar expressions. These statements are not 
historical facts or guarantees of future performance, but represent management’s belief at the time the statements were made regarding future events which are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of 
which are outside of our control. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements 
regarding the Company’s partnership with Magna, timing of the Company’s robot deployment, the Company’s ability to expand to additional markets, and the Company’s timing and ability to scale to commercial production. 
The forward-looking statements contained in this investor presentation are also subject to other risks and uncertainties, including those more fully described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), 
including in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'' in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, our Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2024, and in the Company’s subsequent SEC filings. The Company can give no assurance that the plans, intentions, expectations or strategies as reflected in or suggested by 
those forward-looking statements will be attained or achieved. The forward-looking statements in this presentation are based on information available to the Company as of the date hereof, and the Company disclaims any 
obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company’s views as of any date subsequent to the date of this 
presentation. 
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 
In this presentation, the Company relies on and refers to information and statistics regarding the sectors in which the Company competes and other industry data. the Company obtained this information and statistics from 
third-party sources, including reports by market research firms. Although the Company believes these sources are reliable, the Company has not independently verified the information and does not guarantee its accuracy and 
completeness. The Company has supplemented this information where necessary with information from discussions with customers and the Company’s own internal estimates, taking into account publicly available information 
about other industry participants and the Company’s management’s best view as to information that is not publicly available. 
TRADEMARKS AND TRADE NAMES 
The Company owns or has rights to various trademarks, service marks and trade names that it uses in connection with the operation of its business. This presentation also contains trademarks, service marks and trade names of 
third parties, which are the property of their respective owners The use or display of third parties’ trademarks, service marks. trade names or products in this presentation is not intended in. and does not imply. a relationship with the 
Company or an endorsement or sponsorship by or of the Company. Solely for convenience, the trademarks. service marks and trade names referred to in this presentation may appear without the ©, ™ or SM symbols, but such 
references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that the Company will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, its rights or the right of the applicable licensor in these trademarks, service marks and trade names. 
2Rapid progress in robotics and 
artificial intelligence (AI) can 
help reduce our reliance on cars 
●U.S. drivers killed 20 pedestrians each day in 2021 1
●Private cars & vans caused ~10% of global energy-related CO2 emissions in 2022 2 
●Tailwinds accelerating robot adoption include: advances in AI, faster & cheaper compute, cheaper sensors and 
ubiquitous data connectivity, as well as labor shortages, wage inflation & new worker classification laws 
1.  “Share the Road: It’s Everyone’s Responsibility” ( NHTSA, 2023 )          
2.  “Cars and Vans” ( IEA, 2022 )Why move 2 lb burritos… 
in 2 ton cars? 
3
$450B by 2030: 
The untapped market for 
robotic & drone delivery 1
1.  TAM calculation sourced from ARK ( Big Ideas 2024 ) and Company estimates 
2.  Internal historical delivery data 
3.  Internal financial projections model Delivery is in hyper-growth, but costs prevent profits: 
●+200% — DoorDash revenue growth (2020 to 2023) 
●+235%  — DoorDash cost of revenue increase (2020 to 2023) 
AI-powered robots are on a mission to 
make last mile delivery profitable: 
●2.5 miles — Median distance of food deliveries in the United States 2
●$1.00  — Expected average cost of last mile delivery by Serve robots 
 with increased autonomy and adoption 3
4Veterans in AI, robotics, last mile 
●VP at Postmates. Co-founder/CTO at 
Neurio (acq. Generac) 
●Ph.D. in Robotics (UBC) 
●15 patents Ali Kashani, Ph.D.  
CEO 
●Director at Postmates 
●Staff engineer at Postmates 
●Founding engineer at Postmates X Dmitry Demeshchuk  
Software 
●Director, Postmates. Head of Product, 
Anki. BigCommerce Lead, EA 
●17+ years leading product in, 
robotics, marketplaces, video games MJ Burk Chun  
Product ●VP Corp Dev at GoDaddy. Serial 
entrepreneur: UpCounsel (acq. 
LinkedIn), Webs (acq. Vistaprint), Jaxtr 
●Graduate of Yale Law & Stanford Touraj Parang  
President & COO 
●SVP Hardware at Latch. VP Hardware 
at GoPro. Lead engineer at Apple. 
●BS in Engineering (U of Sheffield) Euan Abraham  
Hardware Brian Read 
CFO 
●Controller at Apptronik Inc. 
●Public Finance roles at REE Automotive 
and Coherent 
●PricewaterCoopers; Certified Public 
Accountant (CPA) 
5
Rajesh Radhakrishnan 
Autonomy 
●Director at Ghost Autonomy; Head of 
ML at John Deere. Founding engineer at 
Blue River (acq. John Deere) 
●MS in Computer Science (UT Arlington) 
Rajesh Radhakrishnan 
Autonomy 
●Director at Ghost Autonomy; Head of 
ML at John Deere. Founding engineer at 
Blue River (acq. John Deere) 
●MS in Computer Science (UT Arlington) 
Investments by… 
6Technical partner since 2018. Largest shareholder & 
commercial partner. German food delivery 
platform in EU & Asia. First convenience store partner 
(13,000 stores in US/Canada). 
Recent highlights 
7$15 million additional capital 
●July 2024 private placement transaction with single institutional investor 
Operational expansion 
●Q2 2024 saw 28% increase in average supply hours and 23% increase in daily 
active robots 
●Expanded Los Angeles operations for delivery operations into Koreatown, LA 
Revenue growth 
●Q2 2024 revenue of $0.46 million, including 80% sequential growth in our delivery 
and branding revenue, and $0.4 million in software service revenue Track record of growth: 
1 market, 300+ restaurants 
825% MoM growth 
24 months of rapid increase in deliveries since early 2022 
Up to 99.94% reliability 
delivery completion 10x better than drivers, 
with roughly 0.5 failed delivery per 1,000 
Over 50,000 
deliveries in L.A. 
100 robots 
for deliveries & R&D 
Serve’s delivery volume in Los Angeles 1
1.  All figures based on internal historical delivery data Serve’s Los Angeles Fleet 2000 robots under 
contract with 
9
We have signed one of the largest contracts 
in the AV industry with Uber Eats. 
Full 2,000-robot deployment expected by the end of 2025 . 
Our fleet is already integrated into Uber, helping grow to 
new markets more efficiently and achieve high levels of 
robot utilization 
●Los Angeles (expansion): 
○At least 250 robots by end of Q1 2025 
●Expansion markets (new deployment): 
○Next new metro entered by end of Q2 2025 
○Options include San Diego, Dallas, Vancouver                     Design   
Design phase is complete  for 
third generation robot. 
Engineering, validation, and test 
(“EVT”) units have entered 
validation and testing phase, and 
are in certification process. Manufacturing 
Magna secured as contract 
manufacturer .
First robots to roll off 
production line by the end of 
Q4 2024. 
Initial materials procured from 
global supply chain network 
and initial manufacturing steps 
begun underway Deployment 
Goal: Deploy 2,000 robots by 
EOY 2025 .
At least 250 additional robots 
in Los Angeles  expected by the 
end of Q1 2025. 
One new major metro by the 
end of Q2 2025. New markets 
under consideration include 
San Diego, Dallas, and 
Vancouver. Scaled Operation 
Goal: Improve operational 
performance and efficiency in  
new geographies over time. 
At full utilization, each robot 
expected to pay for itself in 
under one year .
Generate consistent 
improvements  to robot 
placement, autonomy 
software, and operations. Phased 2,000-robot rollout on track 
✓ COMPLETED ON TRACK ON TRACK TO COME We know 
delivery 
With unique insights from inception 
inside a delivery platform, we believe we 
have: 
●Unique AI-powered robots 
●Unique fleet operations 
●Unique go-to-market strategy All-terrain 
7 mph top 
speed 13 gallons of cargo, 
holds up to 4 pizzas 
All day battery Touch-screen 
interface Full-stack AV sensors 
Level 4 autonomy 
Redundant 
connectivity 
Built for Urban Delivery 
Using Proprietary Data 
(Postmates X) 
11High Safety & Reliability 
Low rate of failure thanks to advanced hardware 
& software, and redundant sensing & AI Superior Economics 
Lower delivery cost due to underlying forces 
High Autonomy 
Level 4-capable fleet High Utilization 
Scaling on a major 
delivery platform 
High Efficiency 
Purpose-built for 
operation at scale We believe we are market leaders 
in urban robotic delivery 
Our AI-powered robots are on a 
mission to make urban delivery 
profitable: 
12Autonomous 
Urban Robots Autonomous 
Vehicles Drones 
Range Short Distance Medium Distance Long Distance 
Safety Risk Low High High 
Regulations Permitted Restricted Restricted 
Commercialization Launched R&D R&D 
 
Delivery robots target a large market 
segment with clear path to scale 
Delivery is multi-modal: 
13Robots have more 
diverse revenue 
opportunities 
than couriers 
Out-of-home (“OOH”) ads have 
supplemented our delivery revenue. 
Monetizing unique robot capabilities 
such as ads & data, as well as licensing 
the underlying technology, make robots 
more profitable than couriers. 
14Serve as a platform 
Magna International has licensed 
our technology to accelerate 
development of its new robotic 
products 
As a leading urban robotic delivery company, we believe we are well-positioned to 
become a platform of choice for companies building new non-competing robots 
and services for complex public spaces. We believe this provides us with an 
additional monetization opportunity. 
15
15We are among the first AV companies to bring 
Level 4 delivery robots to market 
Level 2 & 3 — R.C. Robots 
● Humans always in the loop to maintain safe operation 
● Safety risk due to reliance on data networks and human drivers 
● Poor economics, hard to scale, and low barrier to entry 
Level 4 — Serve Robots 
● No human in the loop for safety, within designated 
Operational Design Domain (ODD) 
● Safety via redundancy 
● Compelling economics, and strong moat through deep tech 
● Regulatory tailwinds 
Level 5 — 100% Self-Driving 
● No human in the loop at any time 
● Not commercially viable today 
● Strong regulatory headwinds 
● Capital intensive 
Level 4  autonomy 
commercialized 
16We have a playbook for 
capital-efficient growth 
We have a proven model to finance building large fleets without high capex: 
1. Financial partner  
The financial partner, as lessor, provides 
upfront capital for robots 2. Contract manufacturer 
Magna Int’l (tier 1 auto supplier) is 
Serve’s exclusive contract manufacturer 
17
The unbundling of cars 
After the invention of automobiles, the U.S. went from 25 million horses (1920s) to 283 million cars 
(2020s), or >11 vehicles replacing each horse, according to some reports 1. We believe the 
development of specialized, efficient robots in the future has the potential to lead to similar 
proliferation of robots for every car. 
1.  25m horses in the U.S. in 1920 ( USDA ) versus 283m vehicles in 2022 ( US FHWA )182.5% 
 100% 
Gas Vehicle 
20%
Electric Vehicle Relative Energy Consumption Per Km 2:With global adoption, we 
believe delivery robots could 
reduce CO2 emissions by 
approximately 762 Mt annually, 
while also providing more 
convenience to consumers. 
19Robots could reduce 
global emissions by ~2% 
Annually 1
1.  Estimated using internal data and 2022 global emissions from the Global Carbon Project 
2.  Transportation Research Part D: Transport and Environment ( Vol 85, 2020 )Capital Markets Update 
● Total of $60.0 million in financing completed in 2024 
○ January: Issued  $5.0 million convertible notes 
○ April: Completed  $40.0 million  public offering and uplisted to Nasdaq Capital Market 
○ July: Closed  $15.0 million private placement transaction 
Q2 2024 Financial Results 
● Q2 revenue:  
○ $0.47 million , including $0.30 million of software service 
○ As expected, Magna service contract substantially completed during the second quarter 
● Delivery and branding highlights :
○ Revenue of $0.17 million, increase of 80% QoQ , and 178% over same period prior year 
○ Gross margin improvement of 64% QoQ, and 85% compared to the same period prior year 
● Cash and cash equivalents: 
○ $28.8 million as of June 30, 2024 
○ Free cash flow, calculated as cash flow used in operations minus capital expenditures, was 
-$6.5 million and included $1.1 million related to initial manufacturing costs 
○ Proceeds from July 2024 private placement to be use to extend the operational runway and other 
strategic investments 
● Share Details: 
○ 36.5 million shares outstanding as of June 30 (approx. 42.6 million shares on a fully diluted basis) 
○ 37.1 million shares outstanding  as of July 31 (approx. 48.2 million shares on a fully diluted basis) Financial  Update 
20Thank you! 
Appendix: Key Metrics & Revenue 
22
~28% increase in QoQ Daily Supply 
HoursQ2 Delivery and Branding 
increased 80% QoQ